SOURCE: Junto Rules and Standing Queries, Benjamin Franklin, 1727

The Junto was a club for mutual improvement established by Benjamin Franklin in Philadelphia in 1727. Members met weekly to discuss moral, political, and natural philosophy topics. The rules required members to speak with diffidence, avoiding dogmatic assertion.

Rules of the Junto: Each member in his turn to produce one or more queries on any point of morals, politics, or natural philosophy, to be discussed by the company; and once in three months produce and read an essay of his own writing, on any subject he pleased. The Presiding Member to begin every meeting with the following query: Have you read over these queries this week, that you might be better prepared to answer them?

---

THE TWENTY-FOUR STANDING QUERIES OF THE JUNTO

Query 1: Have you met with anything in the author you last read, remarkable, or suitable to be communicated to the Junto? Particularly in history, morality, poetry, physics, travels, mechanic arts, or other parts of knowledge?

Query 2: What new story have you lately heard agreeable for telling in conversation?

Query 3: Hath any citizen in your knowledge failed in his business lately, and what have you heard of the cause?

Query 4: Have you lately heard of any citizen's thriving well, and by what means?

Query 5: Have you lately heard how any present rich man, here or elsewhere, got his estate?

---

Query 6: Do you know of any fellow citizen, who has lately done a worthy action, deserving praise and imitation? Or who has committed an error proper for us to be warned against and avoid?

Query 7: What unhappy effects of intemperance have you lately observed or heard? Of imprudence? Of passion? Or of any other vice or folly?

Query 8: What happy effects of temperance? Of prudence? Of moderation? Or of any other virtue?

Query 9: Have you or any of your acquaintance been lately sick or wounded? If so, what remedies were used, and what were their effects?

Query 10: Who do you know that are shortly going voyages or journeys, if one should have occasion to send by them?

---

Query 11: Do you think of anything at present, in which the Junto may be serviceable to mankind? To their country, to their friends, or to themselves?

Query 12: Hath any deserving stranger arrived in town since last meeting, that you heard of? And what have you heard or observed of his character or merits? And whether, think you, it lies in the power of the Junto to oblige him, or encourage him as he deserves?

Query 13: Do you know of any deserving young beginner lately set up, whom it lies in the power of the Junto any way to encourage?

Query 14: Have you lately observed any defect in the laws of your country, of which it would be proper to move the legislature for an amendment? Or do you know of any beneficial law that is wanting?

Query 15: Have you lately observed any encroachment on the just liberties of the people?

---

Query 16: Hath anybody attacked your reputation lately? And what can the Junto do towards securing it?

Query 17: Is there any man whose friendship you want, and which the Junto, or any of them, can procure for you?

Query 18: Have you lately heard any member's character attacked, and how have you observed the Junto to behave in that case?

Query 19: Hath any man injured you, from whom it is in the power of the Junto to procure redress?

Query 20: In what manner can the Junto, or any of them, assist you in any of your honorable designs?

---

Query 21: Have you any weighty affair in hand, in which you think the advice of the Junto may be of service?

Query 22: What benefits have your town or country received from any man this year past? And what is your opinion of rewarding the same?

Query 23: Do you know of any improvements in any of the arts and sciences, or in any branch of the mechanic arts, that have lately appeared, worthy of communicating to the Junto?

Query 24: Is there any fellow citizen, not of our Junto, who has done us any particular good offices deserving of our thanks and acknowledgment?

---

Members were required to stand up and lay their hand on their breast at each meeting and answer truly to the following questions:

Do you sincerely declare that you love mankind in general; of what profession or religion soever?

Do you think any person ought to be harmed in his body, name, or goods, for mere speculative opinions, or his external way of worship?

Do you love truth for truth's sake, and will you endeavor impartially to find and receive it yourself and communicate it to others?

Each of these must be answered in the affirmative. The key spirit of the Junto: mutual improvement through honest inquiry, civic mindedness, and practical action.
